Manual - Extending Oakestra (#19)
nitindermohan/oak-new-docs: content/docs/concepts/oakestra-extensions/hooks.md

- **Asynchronous Mode**: The triggering component does not wait for the subscriber(s) to respond, allowing the system to continue without delay. This mode is appropriate for non-blocking actions, like logging or notifying external systems.

{{< callout context="note" title="Benefits" icon="outline/rocket">}}
- **Reduced Coupling**: Hooks allow components to interact without direct dependencies, enabling a cleaner architecture. For instance, the Root Network can receive deployment notifications without hard-coded calls from the System Manager.
- **Dynamic Reactivity**: Hooks enable services to adapt dynamically based on lifecycle changes, maintaining an up-to-date environment.
- **Improved System Flow**: By offering asynchronous and synchronous modes, hooks provide a flexible mechanism that suits both immediate and non-blocking response needs, enhancing system performance and modularity.
{{< /callout >}}

{{< link-card
  title="Setting up Hooks"

>   description="Read up on setting up hooks here"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description="Read up on how to set up hooks within Oakestra
```
